ClusteringAndImpactAnalysis/data/README.md, before:

### PHE Covid-19 Data Gathering



PHE Data download - https://coronavirus.data.gov.uk/details/download

### At NHS Trust Level

![image-20210730180040845](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75mu3kp0j315q0rcdj0.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=nhsTrust&metric=newAdmissions&metric=covidOccupiedMVBeds&format=csv



### At UTLA level 

![image-20210730180500664](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75n4qlhjj31p00u0dkn.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=utla&metric=cumVaccinationCompleteCoverageByVaccinationDatePercentage&metric=newCasesByPublishDate&metric=newDeaths28DaysByDeathDate&metric=cumVaccinesGivenByPublishDate&format=csv

**Downloaded:** 04.08.2021, 23:46

### Hospital Admissions at NHS Trust Level from PHE

![image-20210805142636237](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75n8vmogj31ry0tq77u.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=nhsTrust&metric=newAdmissions&metric=covidOccupiedMVBeds&format=csv

### Hospital Admissions at UTLA level

https://epiforecasts.io/covid19.nhs.data/reference/index.html

**Downloaded:** 04.08.2021, 23:55

### Notes on data

- The Trust Level hospital admissions data starts on "01/08/2020", so it doesn't go as back as the PHE data. PHE data goes as back as "02/03/2020".

# Meta-data

## Public Health Outcomes Framework

https://fingertips.phe.org.uk/profile/public-health-outcomes-framework

Downloaded from here: https://fingertips.phe.org.uk/profile/public-health-outcomes-framework/data#page/9/gid/1000049/pat/6/par/E12000001/ati/402/are/E06000047/iid/90362/age/1/sex/1/cid/4/tbm/1

Commit message:

Adding another notebook that merges PHE data sets

ClusteringAndImpactAnalysis/data/README.md, after:

### PHE Covid-19 Data Gathering

PHE Data download - https://coronavirus.data.gov.uk/details/download

### At NHS Trust Level

![image-20210730180040845](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75mu3kp0j315q0rcdj0.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=nhsTrust&metric=newAdmissions&metric=covidOccupiedMVBeds&format=csv



### At UTLA level 

![image-20210730180500664](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75n4qlhjj31p00u0dkn.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=utla&metric=cumVaccinationCompleteCoverageByVaccinationDatePercentage&metric=newCasesByPublishDate&metric=newDeaths28DaysByDeathDate&metric=cumVaccinesGivenByPublishDate&format=csv

**Downloaded:** 04.08.2021, 23:46

### Hospital Admissions at NHS Trust Level from PHE

![image-20210805142636237](https://tva1.sinaimg.cn/large/008i3skNgy1gt75n8vmogj31ry0tq77u.jpg)

https://api.coronavirus.data.gov.uk/v2/data?areaType=nhsTrust&metric=newAdmissions&metric=covidOccupiedMVBeds&format=csv

### Hospital Admissions at UTLA level

https://epiforecasts.io/covid19.nhs.data/reference/index.html

**Downloaded:** 04.08.2021, 23:55

### Notes on data

- The Trust Level hospital admissions data starts on "01/08/2020", so it doesn't go as back as the PHE data. PHE data goes as back as "02/03/2020".

# Meta-data

### Public Health Outcomes Framework

https://fingertips.phe.org.uk/profile/public-health-outcomes-framework

Downloaded from here: https://fingertips.phe.org.uk/profile/public-health-outcomes-framework/data#page/9/gid/1000049/pat/6/par/E12000001/ati/402/are/E06000047/iid/90362/age/1/sex/1/cid/4/tbm/1

### Population data that is at UTLA level

https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationprojections/datasets/localauthoritiesinenglandtable2
